update docs for clarity and easier comprehension for new users (#717)
changesets/changesets: docs/snapshot-releases.md

## Publishing your packages

After running the `yarn changeset version` command, you can use the `changeset publish --tag bulbasaur` command to releases the packages. By using the `--tag` flag, you will not add it to the `latest` flag on npm. This is REALLY IMPORTANT because if you do not include a tag, people installing your package using `yarn add your-package-name` will install the snapshot version.

## Using the `--no-git-tag` flag

> You can use the `--no-git-tag` CLI flag when running `changeset publish` if you plan to publish snapshot releases locally and you are pushing [git tags](http://npm.github.io/publishing-pkgs-docs/updating/using-tags.html) to a remote from your CI environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `--no-git-tag` CLI flag when running `changeset publish` if you plan to publish snapshot releases locally or you are pushing [git tags](http://npm.github.io/publishing-pkgs-docs/updating/using-tags.html) to a remote from your CI environment. 
```

> When you run `changeset publish --no-git-gag`, changesets will skip creating git tags for published packages. That means that git tags can be still be created whenever pushing stable versions, and you can safely publish snapshot releases locally, without creating unnecessary tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run `changeset publish --no-git-tag --snapshot`, changesets will skip creating git tags for published snapshot packages. That means that git tags can still be created whenever pushing stable versions (with a regular `changeset publish`), and you can safely publish snapshot releases locally, without creating unnecessary tags.
```
